# HFhat_graph_manifolds
A python implementation of the algorithm described in https://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6696 for computing the Heegaard Floer homology of graph manifolds using bordered Floer homology. This code was previously posted at http://math.columbia.edu/~jhansel/graph_manifolds_program.html

graph_manifolds_HFhat.py contains the implementation in the general case. A plumbing graph representing a graph manifold (possibly with torus boundary components) can be input as an instance of the class BiweightedGraph. The main function is plumb, which inputs a BiweightedGraph and returns the (bordered) Heegaard Floer homology of the corresponding graph manifolds. The class Multimodule is used to represent bordered Heegaard Floer invariants (type D and type A) with an arbitrary number of torus boundary components. The class includes functions useful for working with these objects, such for performing the box tensor product of two multimodules; this code may be of interest independent of the graph manifold algorithm.

tree_manifolds_HFhat.py is a simplified and slightly faster version of graph_manifolds_HFhat.py for graph manifolds for which the plumbing graph is a tree (that is, is acyclic) and the genus associated to each vertex is 0. This in particular includes all rational homology sphere graph manifolds. A plumbing tree is entered as an instance of the class WeightedTree, and the function plumb inputs a WeightedTree (representing a closed graph manifold) and returns a chain complex whose homology is HF-hat of the corresponding graph manifold. The function plumb_recursive can be used to compute the module CFD of a graph manifold with one torus boudary component.

examples.py and nontree_examples.py provide example computations demonstrating the use of the functions above.
